As with units and other containers,
page titles will be seen by both you and students in your course structure.
Page titles will also appear at the top of their page.
In general,
page titles should be meaningful and descriptive of the content on the page.
There are two ways to change the page title.
First,
as with containers,
open the dropdown menu,
select 'options',
and update the page title here.
In the page options menu,
you will see that since you selected a practice page,
the scoring type is set to unscored practice page by default.
If you change your mind and want to turn your practice page into a scored page.
You can change the scoring type
to
score assessment
and continue to adjust the score page options for this page.
Remember to always click 'save' at the end when you finish editing your page options.